== Accurate, Always-On Oilfield Intelligence ==

Mitigate data administration & security risk, reduce non-productive time and expedite business intelligence.

== Our Purpose ==

Skynet Labs develops secure real-time Oil & Gas analysis and optimization software
Headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, with sales divisions in Houston, Texas, We provide scalable integrated tools for Exploration and Production; tools delivered on smart devices and web browser that save time and money across the digital oilfield by optimizing how data is aggregated, analyzed, tracked and shared.

== Our Solution ==

24/7 real-time data accessibility, big data security, data vizualization and collaborative reporting
We advocate simplified, accessible and secure new technology. Our integrated suite of mobile utility applications synchronise securely with our real-time SaaS cloud framework to deliver end-to-end data aggregation, collaboration and analytics reporting. Learn more about how our products inform business decisions from rig to boardroom...

== Our Benefits ==

Enterprise mobility solutions improve productivity and efficiency by up to 45%.
An average $15 billion is lost annually due to manual drilling calculation errors. 60% of an O&G engineer's day is spent on administrative and reporting work. 80% of professionals commit more than 3 hours a day to updating excel sheets. Our software is designed to streamline drilling engineers everyday tasks, improve operational efficiency, mitigate data risk and secure data collaboration.
