= Experience =

== Skynet Labs, Chief Technology Officer, Dublin, Ireland 2013 to present ==

Simon is CTO of a start-up which is developing innovative
mobile and cloud based software for the Oil and Gas industry. He
leads a team who are using Agile methods to rapidly create
applications for the E&amp;P sector of this industry.

Clients run on Android and Apple devices and communicate
with a server side that is a web system written using Groovy of
Grails and MySQL. Communication between the clients and servers
utilise RESTful web services. The servers run in Rackspace.

== Veri-Trip Global, Chief Technology Officer, Dublin, Ireland - 2012 ==

Simon was CTO of a start-up which is developing a technology
platform for the taxi industry. He created the architecture
and developed a prototype which was being used to obtain funding.

The client side was a set of Android applications and the
server side was a web system written using Groovy of Grails and
MySQL. The server ran on Cloud Foundry.

== Daon, Director of Solutions Development, EMEIA, Dublin, Ireland - 2007 to 2012 ==

Simon was responsible for delivering pre-sales and
consulting services to potential Daon customers around the world.
This involved a lot of on-site customer interaction, coupled with
solution design and proposal creation.

== Daon, Head of Professional Services, EMEA, Dublin, Ireland - 2005 to 2007 ==

Simon set up and ran the predominantly Dublin-based
Professional Services group. This includes responsibility for
defining the concept of operations and implementing enterprise
credentialing architecture to meet the requirements of citizen,
foreigner and worker authentication in a range of biometric border
control and homeland business scenarios. Simon was accountable for
all aspects of delivery from solution architecture to realising
operational acceptance.

Simon wrote numerous written proposals, spoke at a
conference on Homeland Security, worked at various trade shows and
made presentations to existing and potential customers.

== Vision Consulting, Chief Technology Officer, Dublin, Ireland - 2002 to 2005 == 

Simon was the Group Chief Technology Officer of VISION
Consulting. At VISION, his responsibilities included leading the
technology practice, consulting on projects, developing VISION's
methodology, and writing and speaking to increase VISION's profile
in the market.

== The Koala Computer Company, Managing Director, Dublin, Ireland and Stockholm, Sweden - 1998 to present ==

Simon co-founded Koala, a start-up, with his Swedish
business partner in 1996. Koala provides consultancy and
development services in the web/Java/e-commerce arena.

== ICL Information Technology Centre, Distinguished Engineer, Dublin, Ireland - 1987 to 1998 ==

Simon joined the ICL Information Technology Centre when it
was created in 1987. It was a 50 strong Research and Development
Group; the first within ICL to be set up outside the UK. Its
mission was to build a business of providing technology to
customers. Simon was a consultant and the most senior technical
member of staff. As leader of the Technical Architecture Group,
Simon had sign-off on all of products and services.

== The National Software, Consultant, Dublin, Ireland - 1985 to 1987 ==

At the National Software Centre Simon provided UNIX
consulting services to the Irish Software Industry, which consists
of a few multinationals and a larger number of small local
software houses. Because of the small size of the local market,
the NSC was set up by the Irish Government to help local companies
enter the larger overseas markets.

== Prime Computer, Software Developer, Dublin, Ireland - 1984 to 1985 ==

Simon was a software developer working on a Form Editor
system.

== Ferranti Computer Graphics, Software Developer, Livingson, Scotland - 1981 to 1984 ==

Simon entered straight from University and worked on a
project developing a Cartographic Map Editing system. Simon also
worked on CAM/X, a 3D solid modelling and CAD system.
